Adds TPL logo, adds alt text, fixes FGT logo (#33)
tomeshnet/toronto-community-network-docs: src/network/supernode1.md

The router acts as a Babel routing device. The antennas are configured in bridge mode.

> ![network diagram consisting of 4 antennas connected to a switch, connected to the internet through Bell's Homehub 2000 router](images/supernode1-network-layout.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![network diagram consisting of 4 antennas connected to a switch, connected to the internet through a bell router](images/supernode1-network-layout.png)
```
